This may look like a normal standing desk,
but watch this. Standing desks are great,
but not perfect. Most people think sitting is
a problem, but the real culprit is prolonged
sitting. What we want is interrupted sitting,
and standing is one way to do that. But standing
for too long isn't good for you either, and
when you get tired, you just sit back down,
and we're back to square one. Years ago, we
made our own floor desks which allowed us to
interrupt our sitting without interrupting
our workflow. But that also took away the
flexibility to stand or sit normally at our
desk. Today, there are adjustable desks that
go so low we can floor sit AND stand, giving
us even more ways to interrupt our sitting.
We've spoken a lot about floor sitting over the
years and we recently took a deeper look at the
Flow desk by marinamantra, the lowest desk
we've had the chance of trying so far